# Third-Party APIs: Work Day Scheduler ## Your Task Create a simple calendar

application that allows a user to save events for each hour of the day by
modifying starter code. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically
updated HTML and CSS powered by jQuery. You'll need to use the
[Day.js](https://day.js.org/docs/en/display/format) library to work with date
and time. Be sure to read the documentation carefully and concentrate on using
Day.js in the browser. ## User Story `md AS AN employee with a busy schedule I
WANT to add important events to a daily planner SO THAT I can manage my time
effectively ` ## Acceptance Criteria The app should: _ Display the current day
at the top of the calender when a user opens the planner. _ Present timeblocks
for standard business hours when the user scrolls down. _ Color-code each
timeblock based on past, present, and future when the timeblock is viewed. _
Allow a user to enter an event when they click a timeblock _ Save the event in
local storage when the save button is clicked in that timeblock. _ Persist
events between refreshes of a page The following animation demonstrates the
application functionality: ![A user clicks on slots on the color-coded calendar
and edits the events.](./images/05-third-party-apis-homework-demo.gif) ##
Grading Requirements This homework is graded based on the following criteria:

### Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40% \* Satisfies all of the above acceptance

criteria plus the following: _ Uses a date utility library to work with date and
time ### Deployment: 32% _ Application deployed at live URL _ Application loads
with no errors _ Application GitHub URL submitted _ GitHub repo contains
application code ### Application Quality: 15% _ Application user experience is
intuitive and easy to navigate _ Application user interface style is clean and
polished _ Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the
homework instructions ### Repository Quality: 13% \* Repository has a unique name

- Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions _
  Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation,
  quality comments, etc. _ Repository contains multiple descriptive commit
  messages _ Repository contains quality README file with description, screenshot,
  and link to deployed application ## Review You are required to submit the
  following for review: _ The URL of the deployed application \* The URL of the
  GitHub repository, with a unique name and a README describing the project --- Â©
  2023 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
